# Aphrodite
### Daniel Moore (n01354875) Alyssa Gomez (n01042777) Jose Antonio Teodoro (n01384776) Ryan Black (n01305403)

## Proposal
Mirrors have been in use for hundreds of years and are a sleek and simple way to see yourself and make a room look bigger. With the space they take up, however, they don’t accomplish that much in terms of showing important information like how your phone does. Since mobile phones and computers have become such a necessity in our lives, it is only a step forward to make something as simple as a mirror show such important everyday information.

Introducing Aphrodite, the user-customizable, smart mirror app. This app will allow users to interact with the smart mirror and display simple things like time, weather, news, stocks/crypto, and calendar reminders. Third-party support is built in and allows for video streams, photo displays and other social media notifications. For example, the user will be able to choose and customize what information and where the information is shown right inside of the app. With a simple upload, the user can view their layout and even save multiple layouts with the use of accounts. The use of accounts makes Aphrodite usable by different people; perfect for multiple people households.

With these accounts, users will have their smart mirror display preferences saved to a database that can be accessed from any device that is compatible with the app simply by signing in and loading their preferences. This database will be securely hosted in the cloud so that it is accessible at all times, from any device.

Also, this application will allow users to have multiple profiles for each account, for family use. For example, you are someone that lives with a significant other  and you need to share a bathroom with them. You are the simple one of the relationship, you only want to see your stock charts, weather and time of day. When your significant other likes to have everything on their interface; twitter and instagram flooding the display while a cute dog video from youtube is playing at the same time. And you don’t want to go through the hassle of manually deleting her stuff and going back to your own, you would want to just go back to your preferences with a click of a button. Less work means less worry for you and for them.

Having a product like this in our lives will be the future as we are currently moving into a new tech age, adding onto the idea of smart home interfaces. Simplifying your daily routine and having everything you need at one spot during any point of the day, thus providing a good balance for one to get more done, leaving room for multitasking and eliminating procrastination in one’s life. Endless possibilities to be made with Aphrodite, customizability is in there for the user as that is the most important part at the end of the day, as beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
